after that we will need to prove the meat
I remember Tagaz Lake Rooms
that's it
my probably not used to crash
this table stores all where they are sold
pivot historical fall time when u
people in the kitchen
and where to look at who implemented
which is a big vacation
how is he stopped he still
in the house there were 2 seen refrigerated when i
standing
Burdenko to the middle of big poppy and and
we put 2 pickles and 11 points
the arrow is generous all we have to do is remove the meat
and cover and on that box
one finished products 3 give heat
before the employee can
can
black
both
Paul visited gently
carefully removed
put down
why
bigman
this is a ready-made caring joker caring leader
we merge the same because two days 4
first perk those
after the meat was shot as
to clear
the next batch has already gone for cleaning
being removed
you just need metal special forces
tidy metal years also what
ruler cleans tikhonov
the remnants of fat are all blurred pocket but
it's gone now and what are the guys doing but they
recruited
my all these pockets are removed he can
surface in the morning for she
sister makes more other hamburger here
there will be 2 should and 4 hama and sizo
gordiychuk
mother
or
accounting
Need letter cucumber on Chezar gamma on
to one
feast night serious petra floors you
there will be two cheeseburgers here
two hamburger and sunk cheat will that
I have somewhere to take me here and seasonings
and customers but a long bunch of salty
salad cucumbers
onion tomatoes than mustard here
refrigerator damage can be replenished
each product has a secondary time
storage on what is controlled with
about fives washed cucumbers
stored day today from the evening to us and
tomorrow to six in the evening you can
use
go yes increase constantly goes
water production process for what
we do this there are places where they are stored
ready to take off
stored deformations rule me more and
minutes maybe you saw paid attention
that water extraction know such you
come here there are frequent ladies at
whose help did anyone become
the worker in the kitchen who coordinates
all work orders products
personal storage time is controlled
the whole dial is broken into black and
red numbers as usual mechanical
clock
here let's say 1:58 to plus 10 minutes it's
there will be one red timer on the products
which came just to become
timer one idle if during that time
there until 8 minutes of being work will not sell
he will be thrown out of writing approach that is we
don't make the product there 2 hours ahead
we hammer ready mister waters
and under a certain level of turnover
keep a certain level so if
you came at the time of some of your
there will be no year and wait they are because
that you do not want to give out
because what they are doing specifically for you
was hot iron going to brush
the kitchen client has faith
information with the level of sales because
printed out
something changes the map manager says
last hour of labor at some
level